Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Marti Vives

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Minh-Thi Nguyen 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?

0 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.


Used: Assignment Page, Lecture, Precepts, Preceptor

Authorized sources: 

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.


Used: Assignment Page, Lecture, Precepts, Preceptor

Authorized sources: 

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Helpful to grasp assembly language.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

The assignment allowed me to understand more about assembly language 
and learn more about the details of compilation. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

We implemented part 2f with the guarded loop but did not improve
performance, so we commented out the guarded loop lines in the 
code. Adding BigInt_larger into BigInt_add did slightly improve
the performance. We tried to implement the third part of optimization 
using adcs, but we ran into errors with addition overflow

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary tests:

mywc_Boundary_01.txt: Emtpy text file. Testing for the boundary of 
					  number of (lines,words,characters) = (0,0,0) 
					  read from stdin.

mywc_Boundary_02.txt: Text file with one space character. Testing 
					  for the boundary of number of (lines,words,
					  characters) = (0,0,1) read from stdin.

mywc_Boundary_03.txt: Text file with one newline character. Testing
					  for the boundary of number of (lines,words,
					  characters) = (1,0,1) read from stdin.

mywc_Boundary_04.txt: Text file with one space followed by a newline.
					  Testing for the boundary of number of (lines,
					  words,characters) = (1,0,2) read from stdin.	

mywc_Boundary_05.txt: Text file with one non space/newline character, 
					  specifically a single 'c' character. Testing 
					  for boundary of number of (lines,words,characters)
					  = (0,1,1) read from stdin.

mywc_Boundary_06.txt: Text file with 'c', followed by newline, followed
					  by 'c'. Testing for boundary of number of (lines,
					  words,characters) = (1,2,3) read from stdin.


Statement tests:

mywc_Statement_01.txt: This text file has a newline character, followed
					   by a space followed by a character 'a'. This goes
					   through all lines of code in mywc.c since:

					   The file is not empty so we go through line 30 to
					   34, since the first character is newline, we go 
					   to line 42 inside the else and since iInWord is 
					   initially FALSE then we visit lines 44 and 45, 
					   setting iInWord to TRUE, then we visit line 48 
					   and 49 since this is a newline character. In the
					   next iteration of the while, with the space 
					   character we do enter inside the if statement 
					   after line 34, visiting lines 36 to 40 (since
					   iInWord was set to TRUE) and thus setting
					   iInWord to FALSE again. Finally in the last 
					   iteration of the while loop, with the character
					   'a', the condition of the if at line 34 is not
					   met so we go to the else statement and set
					   iInWord to TRUE. Now we exit the loop and since
					   iInWord is TRUE we visit lines 51 to 56. So we
					   visited all the lines of code.


Stress tests: We created a mywc_stress.c code to randomly generate test 
			  files containing only the character codes (in hexadecimal) 
			  09,0A, and 20 through 7E (inclusive).

mywc_Stress_01.txt: Randomly generated test file with characteristics as
				    described above with (lines,words,characters) = 
				    (103,272,10000). It stress tests mywc since it has
				    10000 randomly chosen characters, so large and diverse
				    data set.

mywc_Stress_02.txt: Randomly generated test file with characteristics as
				    described above with (lines,words,characters) = 
				    (400,1205,40000). It stress tests mywc since it has
				    40000 randomly chosen characters, so large and diverse
				    data set.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  12.000000 seconds

Part 2b:  3.020000 seconds

Part 2d:  16.210000 seconds

Part 2e:  6.510000 seconds

Part 2f:  6.380000 seconds




